Update autoscaling.md (#30674)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/containers/monitoring/autoscaling.md

### Requirements

> - [Remote Configuration][1] must be enabled for your organization as a whole, and the Agents in your target cluster. [Enabling Remote Configuration][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Remote Configuration][1] must be enabled both at the organization level and on the Agents in your target cluster. See [Enabling Remote Configuration][2] for setup instructions.
```
